# pointsInCircleQuadrant
How to find number of points in a Quadrant of circle

Question :
there is a player with a flashlight and n enemies located on a plane. your task is to find the number of enemies highlighted by the flashlight. task the player is looking in one of four directions (up, down, left or right) and is shining a flashlight in the direction of view. the flashlight has a light length of radius and a light field of 90 degrees (45 to the left and 45 to the right from the front of the player). this direction is represented by a string direction in the following way. • direction="u" - up, • direction="d" → down, • direction="l→left, • direction="r"→ right. the positions of n enemiestare described by two arrays x and y, both of n integers. the k-th enemy position is represented by the pair (xiki, yiki) - the coordinates on the plane. the positions of the player (which is fixed at (0, 0)) and the enemies are different. there is at most one person in each position. the distance between two positions (x₁. y₁) and (x2, y2) is the square root of (x₁-x₂)²+ (v1 - y₂)². for the enemy to be highlighted by the flashlight, their position has to be within both the light field and the light length of the player's flashlight. test outpu for example, given direction="u", radius = 5, x=[-1, -2,4, 1, 3, 01, y= [5, 4, 3, 3, 1,-1], the function should return 2. the forward direction of the player is up. enemies at positions (-2, 4) and (1, 3) are highlighted by the flashlight of the player, as shown in the diagram.
